### Transfer Learning

​	This repository contains a project I did for my machine learning class on transfer learning. The algorithm that I implemented is known as SCL, or Structural Correspondence Learning. 

​	In transfer learning, the goal is often to transfer a classifier that was trained on a problem with a large amount of data to one that has a very little data available. In this case, we wanted to transfer a classifier that would classify Amazon product reviews as positive or negative. We want to be able to train a classifier on a product with many reviews, which we will call the "source domain", and transfer it to a product with fewer reviews, which we will call the "target domain". However, we cannot simply use a classifier trained on the source domain in the target domain, because there may be different vocabularies used to describe the products. The key idea of SCL is to identify "pivot features". These pivot features are features that appear with high frequency in both the source and target domain, and also appear with high frequency in unlabeled examples when other pivot features are present. For example, in a review of a book on Amazon, the words "exciting" or "page-turner" might be associated with the word "good", whereas in a review of a kitchen the word good might be associated with "well-designed" or "elegant". In this case, "good" would be the pivot feature and "exciting" and "well-designed" are domain specific features. By learning these pivot features, the classifier is able to learn that when it sees "well-designed" in the kitchen review, it should treat it the same as if it were the word "exciting" in a book review. In this way SCL is able to transfer knowledge from the source domain to the target domain. 

​	For this project, we tested several transfer learning algorithms against one another on the task of sentiment analysis and classification of Amazon product reviews. More information about the algorithms and comparisons of their performance can be found in 440_final_transferlearning.pdf. More specifically, more detailed information on SCL can be found starting on page 24 of the pdf. 